ID: wkTw2esZqhE
Title: Create a Bike Chain
Description: This video takes a quick look at creating a Bike Chain in Plasticity.
Duration: 80
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-28

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick look at creating
a bike chain and plasticity start by
using the center circle tool to create
two Circle curves then duplicate them
and move them to the side activate the
three-point circle tool and create a new
Circle that snaps to the bottom of the
Outer Circle curves mirror the new
circle using the keyboard shortcut alt X
select the faces that make up the link
shape and extrude it to create a solid
make two copies of the solid move them
in place and then move them off to the
side
use one of the small circle curves to
generate a cylinder
duplicate it and move it to the first
hole in the link
to create the chain path create two
Circle curves
and connect them with two line curves
select the three faces duplicate them
and delete the other curves
select all the solids press F on the
keyboard and type curve click curve
array and select the curve as the path
hold down the shift key and use the
mouse wheel to increase the number of
duplicates
and you're all set