ID: PO7xSU8O5wI
Title: Create a Shoe Midsole
Description: This video takes a quick look at creating a Shoe Midsole in Plasticity.
Duration: 60
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-05-04

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
creating a shoe midsole and plasticity
start by creating two simple curves a
top view silhouette of a midsole and a
side profile curve with some toe
spraying select the profile curve and
extrude it using the keyboard shortcut e
followed by the Tab Key to activate lock
distances shift select the top curve and
press C to activate the cut tool delete
the outer sheet
select the sheet and extrude it to
create a solid
rotate the top face to give more
thickness to the heel
then offset the top face using the
keyboard shortcut o push the inner top
face down
then create a fillet to round off the
inner Edge add fillets to the other
edges
and your base midsole is ready for
detailing