ID: eLJsxB_OHlA
Title: Create a Chain Link Fence
Description: This video takes a quick look at creating a Chain Link Fence in Plasticity.
Duration: 60
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-05-04

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick look at creating
a chain-link fence in Plasticity start
with a new scene and scale the default
Cube's height down rotate it 45 degrees
then duplicate it and move it so the two
solids are touching
using the line tool create a curve by
snapping to the verts on the solids like
so
hide the solids then duplicate the curve
and connect the two ends of the curves
press J on the keyboard to join the two
curves into one then press B to round
off the angles of the curve use the
keyboard shortcut P to activate the pipe
tool and create a pipe solid duplicate
the solid rotate it 180 degrees and move
it into place select both solids and use
the rectangular array tool to generate
as many duplicates as you'd like and
you're good to go
