ID: v-nLVLdCUmA
Title: Create a Hinged Box
Description: This video takes a quick look at Creating a Hinged Box in Plasticity.
Duration: 110
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-05-01

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick look at creating
a hinged box in Plasticity start by
creating a line that runs through the
center of the default Cube select the
cube in the line press C on the keyboard
then right click to cut the cube into
two solids use the center circle tool to
create a circle curve on one side of the
two solids press o on the keyboard to
offset the curve and create a smaller
Circle curve then move it off to the
side extrude the larger curve the length
of the two solids use the keyboard
shortcut shift d to duplicate the
cylinder then scale the length
select the bottom Cube followed by the
larger cylinder then press Q for Boolean
followed by T to keep the tools and
right click to commit select the top
Cube followed by the larger cylinder
then press Q twice to perform a union
Boolean and right click to commit
select the top Solid followed by the
smaller cylinder press Q for Boolean
followed by T on the keyboard to keep
the tools and right click to commit
select the bottom solid followed by the
smaller cylinder press Q twice for Union
Boolean and right click to commit select
the small circle curve and extrude it
select the top Solid followed by the
cylinder press Q for Boolean followed by
T to keep the tools and right click to
commit select the bottom solid followed
by the cylinder press Q for Boolean and
right click to commit select the top
Solid and rotate it at the hinge 90
degrees
select the inside faces of the two
solids and offset them then push them in
to create the inner walls of the box
select all the edges generate a fillet
and you're all set