ID: oknzHiVZZRA
Title: Modeling Exercise 52
Description: This video takes a quick look at basic asset creation in Plasticity.
Duration: 60
Version: 1.2.0
Uploaded: 2023-07-17

yum yum
void here with a quick look at basic
asset creation and plasticity let's
build this simple part start by creating
two Circle curves use the bridge curves
tool to create a new curve that connects
the circles and disable the trim
attribute use the line curve tool to
create the bottom part of the main shape
then offset the two Circle curves by
pressing o
extrude these faces
then adjust the results to your liking
hide the curves then select all solids
and perform a Boolean Union operation
create a new line curve along the bottom
press shift I for imprint curve then
select the solid as the target offset
this face create a new rectangle curve
and use it to cut the solid then remove
the new solid in the rectangle curve cut
two holes into the solid and you're all
set
oh look at the time
foreign
