ID: SDl_9By74ik
Title: Modeling Exercise 50
Description: This video takes a quick look at basic asset creation in Plasticity.
Duration: 50
Version: 1.1.44
Uploaded: 2023-07-12

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
basic asset creation and plasticity
let's build the simple part start by
creating a solid with the corner Cube
tool use the cylinder tool to create a
hole through the solid create a sphere
the diameter of the width of the solid
fill up the two edges that make up the
hole then shift-click the sphere delete
the sphere add Phillips to the top two
edges
create a line curve and press shift I
for imprint curve select the solid as
the target then delete the line curve
offset these two faces fill up the
corner edges create a rectangle curve
and use it to cut the solid then remove
the curve in the middle solid add
Phillips to all edges and you're all set
oh look at the time
foreign
