ID: A8Nih3K8mBQ
Title: Modeling Exercise 03
Description: This video takes a quick look at basic asset creation in Plasticity.
Duration: 60
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-05-06

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
basic asset creation and plasticity to
Showcase some of the features in
plasticity let's build this simple
object start by creating a rectangle
curve then use the center point Arc tool
to create a curve at one end of the
rectangle create a circle curve then
extrude the shape to create a solid
duplicate the solid and rotate it 90
degrees
then rotate it 180 degrees move the
duplicate so that the side aligns with
the original
then move it away from the original
select these two faces then press L on
the keyboard to Loft between the two
faces select all three solids and
perform a Boolean Union operation add
fillets to all the edges and you're all
set
oh look at the time
foreign
