ID: D4hwfSCMtgI
Title: Modeling Exercise 12
Description: This video takes a quick look at basic asset creation in Plasticity.
Duration: 70
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-05-24

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
basic asset creation and plasticity to
Showcase some of the features in
plasticity let's build this simple
object start by creating a circle curve
then radial array it with a count of
three create a curve connected to two of
the circles then radial array the curve
with a count of three select and extrude
the faces
then use the line tool to create a curve
like so
revolve the curve to create a solid then
use it as a cutter for a Boolean
difference operation with the first
solid as the target
offset the circle face on top to size it
to your liking then run the delete
redundant topology command to clean up
the solid select the top face and press
o to offset it then push it down to
create a hole through the solid create a
new Circle curve extrude it through the
solid then radial array it with a count
of three
use the new solids as Cutters for
Boolean difference operations with the
main solid as the target
select all edges and add fillets and
you're good to go
oh look at the time
thank you
