ID: in7bcU22Ck8
Title: Modeling Exercise 09
Description: This video takes a quick look at basic asset creation in Plasticity.
Duration: 80
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-05-13

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
basic asset creation in Plasticity to
Showcase some of the features of
plasticity let's build this simple
object start by creating a circle curve
at the origin press the o key to offset
it and create a smaller Circle then
create a rectangle the width of the
circle like so use the trim tool to
remove the inner segments then join the
curves into a single curve using the J
key use the patch holes command to
convert the main curve into a sheet then
select the Inner Circle curve press C
for cut and cut a hole into the sheet
duplicate the sheet rotate it 90 degrees
followed by 180 degrees move it to the
edge of the original sheet then move it
down
duplicate both sheets and move them off
to the side
then rotate them 180 degrees
select the end edges for the two
original sheets and press L for loft
repeat the steps for the duplicate
sheets
join the individual sheets using the J
key
then use the thickened sheets tool to
convert the sheets into solids and give
them thickness move the two solids
together and you're all set

