ID: PK3wukSpQws
Title: Modeling Exercise 13
Description: This video takes a quick look at basic asset creation in Plasticity.
Duration: 70
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-05-24

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
basic asset creation in Plasticity to
Showcase some of the features in
plasticity let's build this simple
object start by creating a cylinder
select the main face and use the unwrap
face command create a rectangle curve
then create an arc curve at each end
use the trim tool to remove the inner
segments then select all three curves
and press J to join them rotate the
curve 30 degrees and then move it
between the two unwrapped curve guides
select the curve the unwrap guide curves
and the cylinder face and use the wrap
face command to imprint the curve onto
the cylinder select the imprinted edges
and use the keyboard shortcut shift d to
convert it to a new curve use the radial
array tool to create several duplicates
then imprint them onto the cylinder hide
the curves then remove the top and
bottom faces with shift X select the
main face and press shift d to duplicate
it use the thicken tool to create a
solid
then chamfer the edges and you're all
set

