ID: ocui_Dd2hX0
Title: Modeling Exercise 22
Description: This video takes a quick look at basic asset creation in Plasticity.
Duration: 60
Version: 1.1.20
Uploaded: 2023-06-02

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick look at basic
asset creation and plasticity to
Showcase some of the features of
plasticity let's build this simple solid
start by creating a six-sided curve with
a regular polygon tool create a line
through the center of the shade then use
the split curve tool to add a point in
the middle of the line and another one
in the middle of the right segment
create another six-sided curve that
snaps to the reference point we created
delete the center line curve then create
a new line that snaps from this point to
the middle of the top Edge another line
through the center and a final line on
bottom that snaps to the middle of the
bottom Edge extrude all faces then
select these faces and extrude them
select both solids and perform a Boolean
Union operation
then add fillets to all edges and you're
good to go

