ID: R1MJ5q107kk
Title: Adding Reference/Backdrop Images
Description: This video shares a quick tip for adding Reference Images in Plasticity.
Duration: 60
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-16

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
adding reference images and plasticity
although you can import images using the
import option in the main menu I prefer
to Simply drag and drop the images into
the viewport once imported you can
transform the images using the standard
move rotate and scale tools
I also prefer to lower the opacity of my
reference images to make it easier to
work with them while I model to do this
simply select them and press the m key
then adjust the opacity attribute to
your liking
to keep things tidy select the images
and press Ctrl G to group the multiple
images then rename the group to
something that makes sense to you by
having all the reference images in a
single group you can quickly lock or
hide them by locking and hiding the
group use this simple setup to work with
reference images during the creation of
your assets oh look at the time
foreign
