ID: Mb2SaWI6oXI
Title: Axis View Construction Planes
Description: This video takes a quick look at the Axis View Construction Planes in Plasticity.
Duration: 50
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-26

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
the access view construction planes and
plasticity when creating new geometry
such as curves the curves will be
positioned on the construction plane if
you start drawing a new curve on a face
the Curve will be planar to that face
you can disable object snaps if you'd
like to have the new curved position on
the construction plane instead of the
face or you can leave the object snaps
enabled and use one of the axis view
construction planes located in the right
side of the UI when an axis view is used
by double clicking on one of the
available options all new geometry will
be created on the construction plane
even if you start drawing on a face
add these handy construction planes to
your toolkit to speed up asset creation

