ID: 1jwcrdSKelk
Title: Boolean Operations
Description: This video takes a quick look at Boolean Operations in Plasticity.
Duration: 70
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-16

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
Boolean operations in Plasticity start
by activating the Boolean tool by
clicking on the Boolean icon in the
lower left corner of the UI or by
pressing Q on the keyboard next select
the target bodies you'd like to cut or
join into followed by the tool bodies to
cut or join with by default the
operation will be difference which will
subtract the tool from the target
following the same steps and using the
keyboard shortcut queue will result in
Union which combines the tool in the
Target using the same steps followed by
the keyboard shortcut shift plus e
intersect is activated leaving only the
areas where the tool and Target overlap
you can use the same steps followed by
the keyboard shortcut shift plus Q
which performs a slice operation this
retains both the tool and Target but
slices both generating the intersecting
geometry as well experiment with all of
these options to take full advantage of
booleans