ID: QaNMygwnnXY
Title: Circle and Arc Curve Tools
Description: This video takes a quick look at the Circle and Arc Curve Tools in Plasticity.
Duration: 80
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-18

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick look at the
Circle and art curve tools and
plasticity the main Circle curve tool is
the center circle when activated you can
simply left click to place the center of
the circle and move the mouse to adjust
the radius after left clicking you can
continue to adjust the radius and then
right click to commit left-clicking and
holding on the center circle icon
reveals more options here you can choose
the two Point Circle tool which
generates a circle with two left clicks
with the distance between the clicks
representing the diameter of the circle
take note that no right click is
required as the circle is created after
the second left click the three-point
circle requires three left clicks
without the need of the right click to
commit
to use the center point Arc tool
activate it and the first click defines
the center of the arc the second click
is the start of the arc and the third
click is the end of the arc
the three-point Arc uses the first click
to define the start of the arc the
second click is the end of the arc and
the third click defines the height spend
some time experimenting with all of
these options so that you're ready to
use them when needed oh look at the time
foreign
