ID: 1VNbc9ePgKc
Title: Create a Cosmetic Bottle
Description: This video takes a quick look at Creating a Cosmetic Bottle in Plasticity.
Duration: 70
Version: 1.1.21
Uploaded: 20230607
Tags: unsorted

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick look at creating
a cosmetic bottle in plasticity start by
creating a rectangle curve add a 180 Arc
to one side trim the inner segment
select both curves and press J to join
them bevel these points to round off the
corners duplicate the curve scale it
down and then snap it to the flat side
of the other curve move the duplicate
curve up then create a curve that snaps
to the side of the two closed curves
followed by a line curve on the opposite
side
select both curves and press L for loft
then shift select the other two curves
to use them as guides for the loft
patch the holes with the patch tool to
create a solid
then add Phillips to the edges
create a new curve up top and press C to
cut the solid
assign a material to the top Solid add
fillets to the new edges and you're all
set
oh look at the time
foreign
