ID: Ft41npiJvIk
Title: Create an Inset Screw Tool
Description: This video shares a quick tip for creating an Inset Screw tool in Plasticity.
Duration: 80
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-24

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick tip for creating
an inset screw tool in plasticity start
by creating a simple cylinder primitive
select the top face and press the
spacebar to create a temporary
construction plane activate the center
rectangle tool and create a thin
rectangle reset the construction plane
then extrude the rectangle press W for
difference click the cylinder as the
target body and right click to commit
select the bottom edge of the cylinder
and press shift d to create a new curve
press s on the keyboard twice to use
uniform scale and scale the diameter of
the new curve slightly larger than the
cylinder extrude the new Circle curve
then shift-click the other solid press q
and right click to subtract the first
solid from the new cylinder create a new
Cube solid then duplicate the cylinder
using the keyboard shortcut shift d and
move it to intersect with the cube like
so select the cube press Q for Boolean
then select the cylinder and right click
to commit use the original cylinder
anytime you need to add an inset screw
and you're all set oh look at the time
foreign
