ID: 0SfFqBO2Pkc
Title: Create a Tennis Ball
Description: This video takes a quick look at creating a Tennis Ball in Plasticity.
Duration: 70
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-23

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
creating a tennis ball in plasticity
start by creating a rectangle curve
using the corner rectangle tool then
activate the center point Arc tool and
create a 180 Arc at the end of the
rectangle use the trim tool to remove
the segment between the two shapes then
select both curves and use the keyboard
shortcut J to join the curves into a
single curve next create a sphere solid
with the diameter larger than the height
of the curve like so
press shift I on the keyboard to
activate the imprint curve tool select
the curve and right click to commit next
select the imprinted curve press o to
activate offset then press the Tab Key
to enable lock distances to generate a
curve on each side right click to commit
select the center edge Loop and press X
to remove the selection select and
offset the new face then create fillets
On the Border Edge loops and you're all
set use this simple method to generate a
tennis ball seam or similar details such
as curved panel seams on your assets oh
look at the time
foreign
