ID: X-w_vqfs5lI
Title: Create Grid Webbing Detail
Description: This video takes a quick look at creating Grid Webbing Detail in Plasticity.
Duration: 60
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-24

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
creating grid webbing detail and
plasticity start by selecting the face
you'd like to add grid webbing detail to
press the spacebar to create a temporary
construction plane and align the view to
it select the face and use the keyboard
shortcut shift d to create a curve hide
the solid then use the line tool to
create a triangle pattern through the
rectangle select all the triangles press
o to offset them right click to commit
and then press B to Bevel the control
points unhide the solid select the
triangles click the select Target bodies
extrude attribute followed by clicking
the solid and extrude into the solid
right-click to commit then delete or
hide the curves select all the Border
edges of the triangles
and add a chamfer and you're all set use
this simple process to add grid webbing
detail to your assets oh look at the
time
