ID: o30wK8ECsHc
Title: Export to OBJ
Description: This video takes a quick look at Exporting to OBJ in Plasticity.
Duration: 50
Version: 
Uploaded: 20230419
Tags: unsorted

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick look at
exporting to an obj in plasticity to
save a plasticity file as an obj use the
keyboard shortcut Ctrl shift s give the
file a name change the save as type
attribute to obj and click save you'll
be presented with several export options
such as the topology attribute which
enables you to choose between a
triangulated mesh a mesh that attempts
to produce a quad-based mesh and a mesh
that includes in-gons you can also
adjust the density attribute to produce
a higher resolution mesh use these two
attributes and the others to dial in the
quality you're after and press OK loaded
in your choice of rendering software and
you're all set oh look at the time
thank you
