ID: fJuQmaLDEBM
Title: Modeling Exercise 23
Description: This video takes a quick look at basic asset creation in Plasticity.
Duration: 80
Version: 1.1.21
Uploaded: 20230605
Tags: unsorted

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick look at basic
asset creation and plasticity to create
this simple mesh start by using the
center point Arc tool to create a
three-quarter Arc then rotate it 45
degrees so that the open ends are
aligned with the origin mirror the curve
to duplicate it then use the bridge
curve tool to bridge the open ends of
the curves extrude the face to create a
solid then add a fillet to the top Edge
Loop
add a new Circle curve that snaps to the
top of the solid then extrude it with
lock distances
add fillets to the edges then perform a
Boolean Union operation on both solids
add fillets to the intersecting edges on
one side
use the isopram tool to add these three
edges
then select these four faces and remove
them
patch the hole
then cut a new hole into one side of the
solid and add a fillet to the top Edge
offset this face and then push it
through to create a new hole into the
solid
mirror the solid twice to create a
symmetrical mesh and you're all set
oh look at the time
foreign
