ID: 0YDFU-rbeDM
Title: Modeling Exercise 14
Description: This video takes a quick look at basic asset creation in Plasticity.
Duration: 50
Version: 
Uploaded: 20230525
Tags: unsorted

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick look at basic
asset creation and plasticity to
Showcase some of the features in
plasticity let's build this simple
object start by creating a circle curve
followed by a two segment line like this
mirror the line then offset the circle
using the o key select these faces and
extrude them to create a solid duplicate
the solid and move it away from the
original
create a new Circle curve and then print
it onto the second solid hide all curves
then select and extrude this face until
it intersects with the first solid
select both solids and perform a Boolean
Union operation run the delete redundant
topology command to clean up the mesh
then add Phillips to all edges and
you're good to go
oh look at the time
