ID: 5LS3Ce3lwtE
Title: Offset Face and Keep Height
Description: This video takes a quick look at Offsetting a Tapered Face and Keeping itâ€™s height in Plasticity.
Duration: 50
Version: 1.1.21
Uploaded: 2023-06-06
Tags: unsorted

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick look at
offsetting a tapered face and keeping
its height and plasticity when
offsetting this tapered face the
thickness of the face changes one option
to address this is to select the two
Underside faces activate the scale tool
change its pivot to the original Edge
and scale to zero to flatten the faces
another option is to select the face and
press shift d to create a sheet scale it
on two Dimensions without changing its
height delete the original face and then
Loft the sheets together
join the sheets to make a solid and join
the top faces and you're all set these
options will get you the result you're
after so experiment with both and use
what works best for your needs oh look
at the time
thank you
