ID: yBscJQWUIC0
Title: Outliner Groups
Description: This video takes a quick look at Outliner Groups in Plasticity.
Duration: 40
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-05-31
Tags: unsorted

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
outliner groups and plasticity when
creating an asset the outliner can
quickly become populated with components
one option for organizing the outliner
is to use groups to create a group
simply select the items you'd like to
group click the group icon in the lower
left corner of the UI or use the
keyboard shortcut Ctrl g once grouped
you can quickly hide and disable all
elements in the group you can add and
remove items from a group by simply
dragging them in or out and to remove a
group simply select it and press X on
the keyboard use groups to stay
organized while creating assets in
plasticity oh look at the time
