ID: UVhhrCK6WNU
Title: Overcoming Problematic Chamfers
Description: This video takes a quick look at Overcoming Problematic Chamfers in Plasticity.
Duration: 50
Version: 1.1.21
Uploaded: 2023-06-06

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
overcoming problematic chamfers and
plasticity if you encounter geometry
that produces undesirable chamfers one
option is to manually create them by
selecting the edges pressing P to create
a pipe solid Press B for new body then
extend the ends of the pipe select the
main solid followed by the pipe and
press Q to perform a Boolean difference
operation then select and remove these
faces using the keyboard shortcut shift
X select the new edges and Loft them by
pressing L to create the chamfer select
the sheets and join them by pressing the
J key then finish it off by patching the
end caps and you're good to go keep this
technique in your tool kit to Aid and
asset creation oh look at the time
