ID: L4tj0IUH8pk
Title: Patch Guides
Description: This video takes a quick look at using Patch Guides in Plasticity.
Duration: 50
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-05-24
Tags: unsorted

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
using patch guides and plasticity in
this example I'd like to rebuild this
top face with a more organic surface
start by selecting the face and pressing
shift X to remove it create a line curve
across the opening that snaps to the
boundary edges press shift s to
subdivide the line then move the new
point to create an arc press Ctrl R to
activate the iso param tool and add new
edges where the arc curve connects to
the boundary edges select the boundary
edges and activate the patch tool then
select the art curve to use it as a
guide using guide curves with the patch
tool can be a great alternative to
lofting so be sure to experiment with it
and add it to your toolkit oh look at
the time
thank you
