ID: -hxRnOTPX1c
Title: Revolve an Arch
Description: This video shares a quick tip for using Revolve to create an Arch in Plasticity.
Duration: 60
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-25

yum yum Floyd here with a quick tip for
using revolve to create an arch in
plasticity there are several ways to
create an arch connecting these two
solids and for this example we'll take a
look at using the revolve tool select
one of the top faces of these two solids
press Ctrl 2 to convert the selection to
edges and then use the keyboard shortcut
shift d to create a new curve with the
Curve selected click the revolve icon in
the lower right corner of the UI hover
your cursor over the top face and press
the shift key to generate a new guide
then place the cursor on the guide
between the two solids and left click
change the degrees attribute to 180 and
right click to commit
click the patch holes icon to convert
the sheet to a solid select the arch and
the two solids then press Q on the
keyboard twice and right click to
Boolean them together and create a
single solid

