ID: uFO5TgRj4jY
Title: Selection Modes
Description: This video shares a quick introduction to Selection Modes in Plasticity.
Duration: 60
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-14
Tags: unsorted

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick introduction to
selection modes and plasticity by
default all selection modes are active
which enables you to select objects
control points edges and faces you can
limit the selection to a particular
selection mode by simply clicking on the
modes button you'd like to work with or
use the keyboard shortcuts one for
control points two for edges three for
faces four for bodies or five to return
to all selection modes holding the
control key with 1 2 3 or 4 enables you
to convert between selection modes for
example if I have this face selected and
use control 2 I can convert the face
selection to an edge selection selection
plays a large role in asset creation so
you'll want to be familiar with these
options oh look at the time
