ID: EXAoSBjjqcY
Title: Viewport Navigation
Description: This video shares a quick introduction to navigating the viewport in Plasticity.
Duration: 60
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-14

yum yum
Floyd here with a quick introduction to
navigating the viewport in Plasticity
for basic navigation use the right Mouse
button to pan the viewport middle Mouse
button to orbit and the mouse wheel to
zoom in and out of the view you can
change this configuration by going to
the menu in the upper left corner and
choosing preferences here you can change
the navigation to mimic other software
take note you'll need to restart to
apply changes you can use the view Cube
to quickly change the view by clicking
on the X Y and Z or use the keyboard
shortcuts numeric one for the front view
numeric 3 for the right and numeric 7
for the top
you can toggle between perspective and
orthographic view with this button in
the top right or use the keyboard
shortcut numeric 5.
spend some time getting comfortable with
these navigation options to speed up
working in plasticity