ID: Vm1oObBWirY
Title: Loft an Arch
Description: This video shares a quick tip for Lofting an Arch in Plasticity.
Duration: 80
Version: 
Uploaded: 2023-04-25

yum yum Floyd here with a quick look at
lofting and Arch and plasticity there
are several ways to create an arch
connecting these two solids and for this
example we'll look at lofting the arch
start by pressing the numeric one key to
switch to the front orthographic view
then activate the three-point Arc tool
and generate an arc select the top two
faces of the solids press Ctrl 2 to
convert the selection to edges and then
use the keyboard shortcut shift d to
create two new curves hide the solids
then hold the control key and click one
of the curves to deselect it press F on
the keyboard start typing curve and
click on curve array select the art
curve use the default values and right
click to commit deselect the last
duplicated curve shift select the end
curve that was created from the solid
then press L on the keyboard to Loft the
selected curves click the patch holes
icon in the lower right corner of the UI
which will close the open boundaries and
convert the sheet into a solid delete or
hide the curves and unhide the original
solid select all three solids then press
Q on the keyboard twice and right-click
the Boolean them together and create a
single solid